Add bitcompare/mcp-server to Finance & Fintech 🤖🤖🤖 (#6534)
punkpeye/awesome-mcp-servers: README.md

- [clicks-protocol/mcp-server](https://github.com/clicks-protocol/clicks-protocol/tree/main/mcp-server) [![clicks-protocol/clicks-protocol MCP server](https://glama.ai/mcp/servers/clicks-protocol/clicks-protocol/badges/score.svg)](https://glama.ai/mcp/servers/clicks-protocol/clicks-protocol) 📇 ☁️ - Autonomous USDC yield for AI agents on Base. 9 tools: register agents, split payments 80/20 (liquid/yield), withdraw anytime, simulate splits, check APY, and track on-chain referrals. Non-custodial, no lockup, MIT licensed. `npx @clicks-protocol/mcp-server`
- [up2itnow0822/clawpay-mcp](https://github.com/up2itnow0822/clawpay-mcp) [![clawpay-mcp MCP server](https://glama.ai/mcp/servers/@up2itnow0822/clawpay-mcp/badges/score.svg)](https://glama.ai/mcp/servers/@up2itnow0822/clawpay-mcp) 📇 ☁️ - Non-custodial x402 payment layer for AI agents. Agents sign transactions from their own wallet with on-chain spend limits — no custodial infrastructure, no API keys. Built on Base.
- [berlinbra/alpha-vantage-mcp](https://github.com/berlinbra/alpha-vantage-mcp) 🐍 ☁️ - Alpha Vantage API integration to fetch both stock and crypto information

> - [bitcompare/mcp-server](https://github.com/bitcompare/services/tree/main/packages/mcp-server) 🎖️ 📇 ☁️ - Official Bitcompare MCP server. 18 tools for crypto interest rates (lending, staking, borrowing) across 100+ providers, coin metadata for 500+ assets, aggregated prices, market stats, stablecoin peg-stability, and symbol resolution. Hosted at `api.bitcompare.net/mcp` or via `npx @bitcompare/mcp-server`.

Reviewer: Suggested replacement for the private repo link:

```suggestion
- [bitcompare/mcp-server](https://bitcompare.net/mcp) 🎖️ 📇 ☁️ - Official Bitcompare MCP server for crypto yield intelligence: live and historical lending, staking, borrowing, and stablecoin yield data across 350+ assets and 60+ providers. Hosted at `https://api.bitcompare.net/mcp` or via `npx @bitcompare/mcp-server`. npm: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bitcompare/mcp-server. Glama connector: https://glama.ai/mcp/connectors/io.github.bitcompare/mcp-server.
```

This uses the public MCP page as the primary link and keeps the hosted endpoint, npm package, and Glama connector discoverable.
